The Twitter User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service (“Terms”), our Privacy Policy,the Twitter Rules and all incorporated policies.I. TWITTER TERMS of SERVICEII. TWITTER PRIVACY POLICYIII. TWITTER RULESTwitter Terms of ServiceThese Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our Services, including ourvarious websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerceservices (the “Twitter Services”), and our other covered services that link to these Terms(collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, graphics, photos or other materialsuploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). Youraccess to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with theseTerms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.1. Basic Terms2. Privacy3. Passwords4. Content on the Services5. Your Rights6. Your License To Use the Services7. Twitter Rights8. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Services9. Copyright Policy10. Ending These Terms11.Disclaimers and Limitations of LiabilityA. The Services are Available “AS­IS”You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve theServices and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies,organizations or individuals who partner with Twitter for the syndication, broadcast, distribution orpublication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions forsuch Content use.Tip: Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Contenton the Twitter Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. Butwhat’s yours is yours – you own your Content (and your photos are part of that Content).Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals who partner withTwitter, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit,post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.We may modify or adapt your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computernetworks and in various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conformand adapt that Content to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services ormedia.You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you provide, and for anyconsequences thereof, including the use of your Content by other users and our third party partners.You understand that your Content may be syndicated, broadcast, distributed, or published by ourpartners and if you do not have the right to submit Content for such use, it may subject you toliability. Twitter will not be responsible or liable for any use of your Content by Twitter in accordancewith these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authoritynecessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.6. Your License To Use the ServicesTwitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty­free, non­assignable and non­exclusive license touse the software that is provided to you by Twitter as part of the Services. This license is for the solepurpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in themanner permitted by these Terms.7. Twitter RightsAll right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and willremain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright,trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Termsgives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names,and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provideregarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback,comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.8. Restrictions on Content and Use of the ServicesPlease review the Twitter Rules (which are part of these Terms) to better understand what isprohibited on the Twitter Services. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation)to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and toreclaim usernames without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, anddisclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law,regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation ofpotential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technicalissues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter,its users and the public.Tip: Twitter does not disclose personally identifying information to third parties except in accordancewith our Privacy Policy.Except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided ondev.twitter.com, you have to use the Twitter API if you want to reproduce, modify, create derivativeworks, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use theTwitter Services or Content on the Twitter Services.Tip: We encourage and permit broad re­use of Content on the Twitter Services. The Twitter APIexists to enable this.If you use commerce features of the Twitter Services that require credit or debit card information,such as our Buy Now feature, you agree to our Twitter Commerce Terms.You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with,or use non­public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical deliverysystems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network orbreach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt toaccess or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through ourcurrently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to theapplicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separateagreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with theprovisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter isexpressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information inany email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or falsesource­identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access ofany user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding,spamming, mail­bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as tointerfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.9. Copyright PolicyTwitter respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do thesame. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable lawand are properly provided to us. If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way thatconstitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: (i) a physical orelectronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii)identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the materialthat is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed oraccess to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate thematerial; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an emailaddress; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in themanner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) astatement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that youare authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our solediscretion, and without liability to you. In appropriate circumstances, Twitter will also terminate auser’s account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer. Under the U.S. Digital MillenniumCopyright Act, our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement appearingon the Services is:Twitter, Inc.Attn: Copyright Agent1355 Market Street, Suite 900San Francisco, CA 94103Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmcaEmail: copyright@twitter.com10. Ending These TermsThe Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Twitter as follows.You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time for any or no reason by deactivating youraccounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. You do not need to specifically inform Twitterwhen you stop using the Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your accounts,your accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity under our Inactive Account Policy.We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Servicesat any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you haveviolated these Terms or the Twitter Rules, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii)our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonableefforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attemptto access your account.In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use theServices, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, and 12.Nothing in this section shall affect Twitter’s rights to change, limit or stop the provision of theServices without prior notice, as provided above in section 1.11.Disclaimers and Limitations of LiabilityPlease read this section carefully since it limits the liability of Twitter and its parents, subsidiaries,affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, andlicensors (collectively, the “Twitter Entities”). Each of the subsections below only applies up to themaximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer ofimplied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this sectionmay not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which maynot be lawfully limited.A. The Services are Available “AS­IS”Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand andagree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Withoutlimiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE TWITTERENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON­INFRINGEMENT.The Twitter Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liabilityfor: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services orany Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results fromyour access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or totransmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether theServices will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error­free basis.No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Twitter Entities or through theServices, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein.B. LinksThe Services may contain links to third­party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agreethat the Twitter Entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of suchwebsites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites orresources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the Twitter Entitiesof such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites orresources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of anysuch websites or resources.C. Limitation of LiabilityTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TWITTER ENTITIESSHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL ORPUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURREDDIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD­WILL, OR OTHERINTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TOACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTYON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE ORILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINEDFROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOURTRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE TWITTER ENTITIES EXCEED THEGREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAIDTWITTER, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THECLAIM.THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE)OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE TWITTER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED